It turns out that this is the legendary God-given world
I didn't expect the trap to be here
Hahahahahahaha from now on
I can live forever
The money is over haha
It's just a toy from my childhood
What joy and anger my brother gave me
This sword is also my most precious possession
My longing wish
It's family.
There is no more life and death in the world
Don't you understand?
How dare you play with me?
I'm still going to fight
Ah, the longevity injection, I still have the longevity injection?
Dad, don't make up for me in the water, Dad
I'm not going back
Ah, my hair!
It was forcibly started when the production materials were insufficient
Wrong magnetic field
He did it again.